THE EPIC OF PRINCESS LIGHTING
by piercewind in 2019 inspired by my dreams, sleepless imagination, falls, and final fantasy Lightning name haha

(3RD POV)
A land filled with fire and lighting
with warriors who kept on fighting.
Whilst an infant who filled the land with her crying
has been sent away to prevent her from dying.
A mother who’s caring and a father who’s protecting –
Oh!  what a great parent she’s having.
But she can’t do anything,
But just to watch them with her bare eyes dying. 

(1ST POV)
Time flew by just like a book page flipping by the wind
Blurred images in the past kept hunting me until I became determined.
The familiar heartbreaking caused my eyes teared
Etching in my mind that no one will sacrifice life again to be saved.

Until one day, a huge fire surrounds the entire community.
The quiet and calm community became unpleasantly.
Hearing the shriek and seeing the fear in the eyes, 
seeking for help pleadingly.
Can cause my heart to throb painfully.

My breath heave 
as well as my heart thwack
Seeing the fear of the people I grew with 
Can make my soul crack 

Out of mind, I stepped forward and forward in a rush.
Realizing I became faster than Flash.
Confusion was visible in my eyes
`Cause I’m going just like the wind of past.  

Sudden cries can cause me to go back from stupefied
And help everyone to survive
Seeing the people undecided
Can make me go impulsive
Seeing electricity intensified
Can make myself waive. 
Thinking people must be rescued 
Can make my mind impassive
Choosing to aid 

Then, Argh! A spark in my hands prevailed in my body 
Covering my entire anatomy 
Fear was visible in my eyes 
And confused with this abnormality

A sudden shriek make me jerk 
Accidentally raising a juke 
A strike of light coming from my fist 
that makes me wonder what it is 

I point my index out 
lighting came suddenly by 
Stricken some stuff 
that makes the fire magnify

My spine stiffens
as well as my sweat trickens
Just like a cat in a hot bricks 
that want to kick itself with intense


Haste! In the nick of time 
I railed a train of thought 
Running just like a speed of light 
Transfering people to the safest spot 
Makes my carelessness was not succeded by daunt 

Determination filled in my eyes 
Watching the community eat by the fire
Taking a glance in a big pipe 
A thought crossed in my mind

I take it with me 
And put water in a form which is in fire
Whilst a sudden spark that cames from me 
Igniting the city as a blue sapphire

Shedding tears 'n' enduring the pain 
But I've been on a cloud nine 
When I see them survive


(3RD POV)
Time flies
Her grave was deepening 
And a water appeared 
providing the people an electricity 
and their needs. 

----
(a fall which gives electricity, Ma. Christina Falls)
----

Group performance: (sorry, i forgot the names of my members)
I wrote this in connection with a performance required for one of my subjects, 21st Century Literature back when I was in senior high school.

This is the only piece I’ve kept from my senior high years. I still have it because I posted—and later retrieved—it from the old Google Sites. All my other drafts are gone; I trashed them back in junior high school, along with my paintings and drawings from that time. That’s my only regret—hahahahuhuhuh.
